   _____                        ________.__        
  /     \   ____   _________   /  _____/|__|_______
 /  \ /  \_/ __ \ / ___\__  \ /   \  ___|  \___   /
/    Y    \  ___// /_/  > __ \\    \_\  \  |/    / 
\____|__  /\___  >___  (____  /\______  /__/_____ \
        \/     \/_____/     \/        \/         \/

 v 1.0 by p0p - emu by Pedram - original emu by ??
            http://gizmondo.guruwork.de
         mailto: master@gizmondo.guruwork.de


What this does
==============
MegaGiz is a PC tool that allows you to open a SEGA
Genesis rom file and generate an executable for
GIZMONDO handhelds, that will run the actual rom by
emulating a SEGA Genesis/MegaDrive on your handheld.


How to use it
=============
Open MegaGiz on your PC running Windows98/NT/2K/XP,
hit "open ROM" and select a valid SEGA Genesis or
MegaDrive romfile, smaller or equal 513 KBytes and
unzipped if necessary. Hit "make EXE" to generate
the Gizmondo executable. Use a name like "01.exe",
copy the EXE to your SD card and run it on your
Gizmondo handheld.


Why does it refuse to work
==========================
Are you trying to run MegaGiz on your Gizmondo ?
It is a PC application that will produce the EXE
for Gizmondo ! Are you using verified roms from
Tosec and/or GoodList ? You should be doing that!
Are you sure your rom is smaller than 514 KBytes
and has not been cut ? Check the status window!!


Disclaimer
==========
I cannot be held responsible for anything that dies,
explodes or gets bricked using my application. I am
not supplying any rom with this, I do not have any
roms myself and will not send any to anyone. Using
rom files without owning the original cartridge is
illegal. You have been warned.
